Ideas: Add animations with Anime.js
    add icons with font-awesome

    TODO:  Add timer to questions.

        Add ending page displaying Wins, Losses, etc.

        Rather than emptying divs with .text('') and showing and hiding divs, 
        there must be a better way.

        Change fonts



TIMER:

I start a timer from 30 seconds each time a question starts

If the time reaches 0 seconds before an answer is selected, 
    The result screen is shown telling the user they ran out of
    time and shows the fun fact etc.

If the user selects an answer, the timer is stopped.




Website opens

display large animated button to start the game

when the start button is clicked

    choose a random question from questions object

    display the question with answers in random order
        Get a random question and display the question in the #question div.
        Display the answer from that question in one of the #answer divs randomly chosen
        Display the wrong answers in the remaining #answer divs

    start timer for the question
    
    when a user clicks an answer

        Stop the timer

        check if 'this' is the correct answer

        if it is the right answer,
            display 'That's right'
            display image for the question
            increment 'Correct answers'
            wait a few seconds before starting new question.
        If it is wrong,
            display  "Nope wrong answer"
            display the correct answer
            display image for question
            increment 'Incorrect answers'
            wait a few seconds before starting new question
    
    If the timer runs out
        tell the user they ran out of time
        display the correct answer
        display image for question
        increment 'Unanswered'
        wait a few seconds before starting new question

    When the last question has ended
        
        display 'All done, here's how you did!'
        display correct answers
        display incorrect answers
        display Unanswered

        display 'Start Over?' button


start timer for first question.
-See if you can get the text to show up one character at a time.

show question and answer options

The player clicks an answer or time runs out

clock stops

check if it is the correct answer or wrong answer

if it is correct then show a congradulations
    increase score by 1
    show an image for the correct answer

if time ran out let the user know and display correct answer
    increase wrong answers by 1
    show an image for the correct answer

if time ran out let the user know and display correct answer
    increase wrong answers by 1
    show an image for the correct answer

after a few seconds show another question.

Once all questions have been answered, show a a final screen
    final screen displays correct answers, wrong answers, and 
    an option to restart the game without reloading the page.



TODO:
    - Get questions and answers together

